what's up you two this is jasmine and
welcome please keeping it to jizz so
okay i'm back with another haul as you
can say um I got my brushes from any
bank custom bitches almost three weeks
oh so i think i'll pay like three
dollars for me this whole thing three
dollars celestine got your eye brow comb
and brush comb and brush one I think
this is the blush brush this shading our
way this is cheap this is it feels like
a face so you have your other brushes
eyebrow away you say I write your own
eyeshadow brushes correction brushes
kind of yeah I'm not really my happy
about you you got your angle brush looks
like that eyeliner angle brush let's get
your angle brush and looks like a little
fresh this one looks like a look brush I
don't know these brushes bat heart and
this looks like something oh no so yay
what's a little pouch that's the only
thing I'm happy about but I was that it
was only three ala so whatever now I got
my shampoo
from google I mean using them new grow
on hair products for about a year or so
right now and it and now the shampoo and
conditioner come and the biggest time
you know I got the mega the mega hair
grow kit I think I saw mega yeah mega
hair broke it 63 or own those yachts and
see that but I use a coupon the
RetailMeNot and give off a couple of
guys oh I think up I think the price was
30 31 49 plus tax it was like 39 bucks
Sonia I got some so hat off let's have a
homie yeah olive oil parsley coconut oil
shea butter by me Ed oliveira all that
good stuff is all opinion this is will
ran out first for any singles then you
have your conditioner with thinning
embody just my size 13.5 ounces it has a
bad smell to it but you get used to it
pretty good then you have the shampoo
same ounce 13.5 ounces and great break I
pray I pray um
I say every other every night or every
other night they gave me too I guess
because this would be a big spray
together but they weren't planning to
bottles but the arm or free hair growth
spray it feels so good I'm telling like
this stuff yeah especially me because I
thought I might kind of standing out
right here a little bit or you know
right over here so that's that so I'm
really happy about my name wrong shampoo
i will keep y'all updated on my my hair
legend me I know y'all wait and see my
new my good hair on here my dad will see
ya go see and check out the outfit of
the day that was real nice outside you
know in Chicago think it was like this
is something almost every green and I
had to go work yeah and join the weather
inside so i miss it back in brown again
so i get just a plain black t-shirt and
a brown camisole on the new stuff Brown
Council on me every job back and these
are brown trousers I got these from that
49 book I love these they must feel
comfortable with our nine bucks so yeah
plus hockey is insane that's my lips
like hockey and shoes I guess see some
odd oh please i'm a lil a dog shoes I
love split these was some 100 haga
dollars out of its way brown with um
our I don't know what animal this is but
its way brown with a little bow for all
comfortable so get that hole after going
on there you go okay I've got this good
solution oh yeah you're comfortable not
that much going on so deceptive those
chain get my salon John is usual I'm a
change that yeah imma change it cause
it's been real busy so yes did my makeup
gal um some blue one on here I got on oh
my god you see I have a blue wants a
purple then blue eyeliner going to the
deep purple over here that's all nothing
special real cute flip lock that's it
cute Kidz cute so have you guys enjoyed
this little Paul and the outfit of the
day and um patience with someone video
stuff and you guys describe rate and
comment bye